# Weber State University
## What is this Weber repo used for?
Teach students how to document therapies.

Original project can be found: https://sourceforge.net/projects/weberrespiratorytheropy/

## How do I get set up?

Setup the application to be used as a Java EE WAR exploded app, works best with Chrome but does work in Firefox and IE.

If using Intellij, you will need to add the library Jar files since it was originally made with eclipse. Do this by going into Module settings (highlight project name + press F4) -> Modules. Remove all the Eclipse dependencies, then go back into libraries and add the jar files in WebContent\WEB-INF\lib

MySQL database is used to store information such as user’s, administrators, and forms.

Hibernate ORM is used to generate MySQL queries.

Servlets and JSTL tags are used to interact with the view which is comprised of .jsp files. Some JQuery and Bootstrap is used on the front end of the application to make the interface more pleasant and smooth for the user. Also, this project runs on an Apache Tomcat server.

To create the database "therapy", use webstate.sql that is found the WEB-INF root folder.

Once the database is created, you need to add the user/pass to the user account if you look at the user account it uses in the script and have to use mysql workbench to add it.

You need to modify the context.xml file in conf folder of tomcat server directory so it can communicate to the directory.

all Jar files used for the application should be in the web-inf/lib folder

Default user to login is admin/admin or nonadmin/nonadmin.

## Who do I talk to about questions?

Lisa Trujillo 801-626-6834 (respiratory department), cell: 801-644-0088

Ted Cowan

## Previous Group Contact Info:

Jerry Carson: geraldcarson@mail.weber.edu (leader)

Steven Brown: StevenBrown5@mail.weber.edu

Haydn Slade:Haydn.Slade@gmail.com

Nash Stewart: nashstewart@mail.weber.edu

Brayden Gramse: braydengramse@gmail.com

## Summary

This project is a form builder for a respiratory therapy simulation lab. Forms can be generated by the administrator and filled out and printed in PDF format by users. Form groups which are comprised of items that are relevant to each other can be added to a master form. Master forms can be saved and edited by the administrator.

### Technologies

Weber respiratory is a Java EE

Tomcat 9.0.0, MySQL 3.9.7+, Hibernate 4.3 (w/ JTA 1.1)

BootStrap, Javascript, JSP, and JQuery 2.1.1.

Built with Intellij (ver. 2016.X.X, recommended) or Eclipse (ver. Neon and newer).

MVC architecture

Notes

Keep in mind that some of the information that will be provided by the client may be sensitive such as student info and grades.
